Remove RUNTIME_LINKED_LIBS setting (#25673)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

  exception here for `EMSCRIPTEN_VERSION` which is the only internal setting
  where we could find usage of `emscripten_get_compiler_setting` (in a global
  GitHub search). (#25667)

> - Support for the long deprected `RUNTIME_LINKED_LIBS` setting was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The long-deprecated `RUNTIME_LINKED_LIBS` setting was removed. List shared libraries directly on the command line instead (e.g. ..)
```
